.TH XL-DESK 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-desk
.SH NAME
 xl-desk
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-desk was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 As expected root window content is displayed.
 Within the  root window; window interaction is normal and desirable.
 That does not change.
.PP
 The root window and a desk window are similar.
 The height position and width are identical.
 By a desk a root window substitute is not provided.
.PP
 When a desk window is mapped only
 the root window content is obscured.
 Unless explicitly requested;
 a desk window is not mapped.
.PP
 To a desk; windows can be delegated.
 A less cluttered root window becomes.
 A less cluttered root window is the purpose.
.PP
 From the root to a   desk; windows can be delegated.
 From a   desk to the root; windows can be delegated.
.PP
 A fast method for alternating displayed content is provided.
 Desk and root window content can be swapped.
.PP
 To a desk the in pointer window can be delegated.
 Poof, like magic, the window is gone.
.PP
 Desk content can be displayed.
 If a pointer button is pressed
 then to the root window the within pointer window is delegated.
 On the root window the window is again visible.
.PP
 Provided that each desk is granted a unique name;
 a nearly unlimited amount of desks can be provided.
 However, by the default key mapping
 four desks only are provided.
.PP
 By     desk provision;      memory is not consumed.
 By an unused desk           memory is not consumed.
 If within desk content does not exist
 then the process exits and  memory is     released.
 By desks without bloat; benefit is provided.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.B man 7 xl-sack
.SH FORKERS
