.TH XL-DESK 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-desk
.SH NAME
 xl-desk
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-desk-add was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 A    desk window position and proportions and
 the  root window position and proportions concur.
 As a root window substitute  the desk window does not suffice.
 During desk interaction only the desk window       is mapped.
.PP
 To minimize root window clutter
 to the desk window;           windows can be delegated.
 To the root window; delegated windows can be released.
.SH PARAMETERS
 A desk name is mandatory.
 By -n or by --name= a desk name is set.
.PP
 If a desk window is created
 then the background pixel color can be set.
 By -c or by --color= a hexadecimal integer 0xRRGGBB color is set.
 By RR a 2 digit hexadecimal red   value is indicated.
 By GG a 2 digit hexadecimal green value is indicated.
 By BB a 2 digit hexadecimal blue  value is indicated.
.PP
 4 command parameters are recognized.
 In the following order commands execute:  dump;  adopt;  flip; return.
 By -a or by --adopt  the beneath pointer window          is   adopted.
 By -d or by --dump   the desk            window  content is  released.
 By -f or by --flip   the root and desk   windows content is exchanged.
 By -r or by --return to the root window; desk    content is      sent.
.PP
 During command return the desk window is mapped.
 Root window content is obscured.
 Interaction is anticipated.
 By the pointer primary   button  press; the window is released.
 By the pointer wheel     buttons press; windows raise and lower.
 By the pointer alternate button  press; and
 by any key press; interaction is terminated.
.SH CONSIDERATIONS
 To   a desk        root window owned windows only can be annexed.
 From a desk to the root window only  windows      can be released.
 A skip parameter is not supported.
 By a window manager created window
 if the root window is obscured
 then by that window manager
 a desk or virtual desk approximation is provided.
.PP
 If       desk content does not exist
 then the desk process also does not exist.
 While  a desk process exists only memory is consumed.
 If     a desk process is terminated
 then to the root window content is returned.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
