.TH xl-focus-explicit 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-focus-explicit
.SH NAME
 xl-focus-explicit
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-focus-explicit was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 When to a new window the pointer moves
 then by Xorg the input focus is changed.
 However, the input focus is not locked.
.PP
 If by a program the input focus is locked
 then when the pointer changes windows
 by Xorg the input focus does not change.
.PP
 For very few software projects, such as firefox,
 being granted input focus does not suffice.
 On firefox's window if a focus lock does not exist
 then firefox menus do not display.
.PP
 In considerably older firefox versions
 a focus lock was not required.
 Without a window manager;
 those older versions ran as expected.
.PP
 Currently, by firefox and by some other programs
 this ham handed window manager type supervision is required.
 By an xl-focus-explicit process
 the expected ham handed supervision is provided,
 yet a window manager is not provided.
.PP
 A desktop environment process or
 a window  manager     process can concurrently exist.
.PP
 By xl-focus-explicit the proper solution is not provided.
 For the proper solution; bugged software, such as firefox,
 should be fixed.
 https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=671277
 At least since 20110713; the bug report has existed.
.SH PARAMETERS
.SH EXAMPLES
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
