.TH XL-GEOMETRY 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-geometry
.SH NAME
 xl-geometry
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-geometry was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 By xl-geometry a process can be launched.
 Or a pointer enclosed window can be targeted.
 When a new window appears or
 when a target is acquired
 the window position and size is modified.
 The xl-geometry process exits.
.PP
 For an xl-geometry launched process
 the exit code is not obtainable.
 Within a script file xl-geometry can be invoked repeatedly.
 Background execution is not desirable.
 If multiple  xl-geometry processes concurrently exist
 then by each xl-geometry process
 a new window would be modified.
.PP
 If a target is not acquired
 after a minute's duration
 the xl-geometry process exits.
.SH PARAMETERS
 By -g or by --geometry= the window geometry is specified.
 By -m or by --modify    program xl-mod      is invoked.
 By -s or by --skip=     windows are omitted.
 When an executable file name is not provided skip is useful.
 Because the pointer enclosed window is targeted.
.PP
 By -- xl-geometry parameter completion is indicated.
 An  executable file name parameters should follow.
 For the new process;
 additional parameters can be specified.
.SH CONSIDERATIONS
 For  the window size if less than 64x64 is     specified
 then the window size                    is not modified.
 If   geometry                           is not specified
 or   for the x coordinate if -1         is     specified
 then at the pointer the window          is     positioned.
 Larger than root window size            is     possible.
 Negative coordinate placement           is     possible.
 Beyond root window visibility placement is     possible.
.PP
 By the window manager
 when a new window destination map       is     hijacked
 and in the root window if the new map does not become
 then by xl-geometry the new window      is not discovered.
 By the window manager when windows      are    mapped
 if window size or window position       is     changed
 then xl-geometry's changes          can be     mitigated.
.SH EXAMPLES
 \fBxl-geometry -g 320x200+640+300 -- xev\fR
 \fBxl-geometry -g 0x0+640+300     -- xev\fR
 \fBxl-geometry -g 320x200+-1      -- xev\fB
 \fBxl-geometry -m                 -- xev\fB
 \fBxl-geometry                    -- xev\fB
 \fBxl-geometry -g 1920x1080+0+0\fR
 \fBxl-geometry -g 1024x768+1920+0\fR
 \fBsleep 2;\\\fR
 \fBxl-geometry -g 1920x1080+0+0\fR
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
