.TH xl-gamma 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-gamma
.SH NAME
 xl-gamma
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-gamma was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 Xorg gamma value is set.
 New displays tend to be bright.
 Old displays tend to be dim.
 Into darkness; as additional palette RGB values slip; obfuscation becomes
 By a proper gamma setting; into visual perception
 previously dim RGB values shift.
.SH PARAMETERS
 By -i or by --accretion= by a floating point value RGB gamma  increase.
 By -c or by --calibrate  by pointer button press   RGB gamma  is   set.
 By -q or by --query      current RGB gamma floating point values print.
 By -r or by --restore    previously calibrated     RGB gamma     loads.
 By -s or by --set=       red green and blue gamma float values are set.
.PP
 For the set parameter
 3 space separated string enclosed floating point values are expected.
 By calibrate and by restore the file ~/.config/xl-gamma is used.
.SH INTERACTION
 During calibration interaction is expected.
 By any pointer button press calibration completes.
 By pointer movement the gamma value changes.
 When the pointer cursor is at the top    a 0.5 gamma value is set.
 When the pointer cursor is at the bottom a 2.5 gamma value is set.
 If 2.5 gamma correction does not suffice
 then the display brightness should be adjusted.
 At maximum if the display brightness is already set
 then a new display could be desirable.
.PP
 A   display   perpendicular vantage        is desirable.
 A   desktop   sized window                 is provided.
 If  excessive then  window modification    is possible.
 For contrast a perfect white solid boarder is provided.
 A gray  scale,     a red  scale,
 a green scale, and a blue scale           are provided.
 Across scales for each line the brightness should concur.
.PP
 Ideal gamma calibration is subjective.
 For gamma correction selection the gray scale suffices.
 At scale top; a few black lines may be desirable.
 Otherwise black can look gray while
 brighter colors can look bleached.
.PP
 If individual red green and blue gamma correction is required
 then the accretion parameter can be used.
 Or file ~/.config/xl-gamma   can be edited.
 However, during interaction
 the red   gamma correction value
 the green gamma correction value
 the blue  gamma correction value all concur.
.PP
 When gamma is set;      displays are not adjusted.
 Rather the data sent to displays is      adjusted.
 Gamma is always active.
 Therefore, by gamma adjustment
 an additional performance deficit does not become.
 By all windows during an Xorg session the gamma correction is shared.
 By any process the gamma correction can be altered.
.PP
 Can gamma correction make make a display brighter?
 No.  Display brightness does not change.
 However, displayed content may seem brighter.
.PP
 By gamma can a display be damaged?
 No.  By gamma correction the display is not adjusted.
.PP
 While playing a first person shooter video game;
 by gamma correction can darkness be mitigated?
 By gamma correction 2.5 and greater
 darkness might be mitigated.
 However, gamma correction provided night vision
 and cheating are tantamount.
.SH EXAMPLES
 \fBxl-gamma -a 0.1\fR
 \fBxl-gamma -s "1.2 1.2 1.2"\fR
 \fBxl-gamma -r\fR
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
