.TH XL-MOD 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-mod
.SH NAME
 xl-mod
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-mod was copyrighted.
.SH VERNACULAR
.SH PIXEL MODULO
 Pixel   modulo is an integer.
 For     each pixel an X and Y coordinates exist.
 Without remainder by the modulo integer
 where   both the X and Y coordinates can be divided
 then    a modulo congruent coordinate exists.
 The     default modulo is 4.
 By      modulo congruent coordinates use
 window  placement is expedited.
 For     precise window placement modulo 1 is required.
.SH WINDOW SKIP
 When beneath pointer windows are discovered
 as   many windows as specified
 by   the window skip integer are ignored.
 By   a window manager provided window
 if   the root window is obscured
 then a skip value may be useful.
.SH IDLE DURATION
 If    a key       is pressed
 if    a button    is pressed
 if    the pointer is moved
 then  the idle timer resets.
 After 5 idle seconds the process exits.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 The  in  pointer window becomes modifiable.
 By   the pointer cursor the mode is indicated.
 Four modes exist.
 In   move mode the window                 moves.
 In   size mode the window                 sizes.
 In   free mode the pointer  only          moves.
 In   aim  mode an  interior window can be selected.
.PP
 With a different anchor position
 move and size effectiveness can improve.
 In   free mode the anchor position is changed.
 For  aim selection only
 the  window and the pointer cursor must overlap.
.PP
 By   pressing 'a' only aim mode is entered.
 If   aim mode is required
 then rather than xl-mod
 the  window manager provided functions aught to be used.
.SH INTERACTION
 By the pointer movement                    the window        is set.
 By the key     space  bar press and
 by the pointer button 3   press            the mode          is set.
 By the pointer button 4   press            the window        raises.
 By the pointer button 5   press            the window        lowers.
 By the pointer button 1   press            the process        exits.
 By the key     backspace  press to initial values the window is set.
 By the key     a          aim mode                           is set.
 By the key     1          press to value 1 the pixel  modulo is set.
 By the key     2          press to value 2 the pixel  modulo is set.
 By the key     4          press to value 4 the pixel  modulo is set.
 By the key     8          press to value 8 the pixel  modulo is set.
.PP
 By   xl-mod a root window owned visible window is targeted.
 If   Xorg is bare backed
 then by xl-mod    the correct window is targeted.
 If   an interior  window must be targeted
 then a skip value or aim mode can be used.
.PP
 While in aim mode a different cursor appears.
 While in aim mode the idle timer is suspended.
.PP
 In   aim mode the beneath pointer window is important.
 By   pressing the Enter key or
 by   pressing the primary pointer button
 aim  mode is terminated.
 By   pressing any other key or
 by   pressing any other button
 the  window aim changes.
 In   aim mode when the aim changes
 then program xl-info is invoked.
 By   xl-info the aimed window name and
 the  window identification number are displayed.
 For  the aimed window a thick border width is activated.
 When aim changes to 0 pixels the border width is set.
.SH PROGRESS
 Industry standard display sizes exist.
 320x200,   320, 240, 640,480, 800,600, 1280,720, 1024,768,
 1280,1024, 1920,1080, are a few common sizes.
 Rather than manually attempt to configure an industry sized window;
 window size can be automatically progressed.
 If     the maximum displayable window size is achieved
 then   size 64,64 is set.
 Then   forward progress can resume.
.SH PARAMETERS
 By -c or by --color=  to the hexadecimal value the border color is set.
 By -l or by --lower   the window                            is lowered.
 By -m or by --modulo= to the integer value the pixel modulo     is set.
 By -o or by --over    the override_redirect flag            is toggled.
 By -p or by --prog    window size                           progresses.
 By -r or by --raise   the window                            is lowered.
 By -s or by --skip=   followed by an integer and windows   are ignored.
 By -t or by --time    followed by an integer the duration       is set.
 By -w or by --width=  the border width                          is set.
.PP
 For the following commands; additional interaction does not become:
 lower; over; prog; raise.
.SH DISCOVERY
 For    height or for width
 if     less than        32 pixels      is specified
 then   to size       32x32; the window is  sized.
 Beyond the root window visible area
 if     a window exists
 then   to coordinates 0x0;  the window is  moved.
 At     xl-mod termination
 all    microscopic and all misplaced
 root   delegated windows               are fixed.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
