.TH XL-SIRE 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-sire
.SH NAME
 xl-sire
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-sire was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 By xl-sire an InputOnly window is created.
 To a hand the cursor changes.
 For as many as 5 seconds input is awaited.
 If input is received and
 if one or more programs can be sired
 then       the programs are    sired and xl-sire exits.
 If the timeout elapses
 and a program could not be sired
 then file /etc/xl is displayed.
.PP
 Configuration file      /etc/xl can be used.
 Configuration file ~/.config/xl is preferred.
 The word "sire" prefixed lines only are salient.
.PP
 While xl-sire runs, non matching input is discarded.
 If a pointer button is pressed then xl-sire exits.
 If a pointer        is moved   then xl-sire exits.
.PP
 By single key presses; multiple process can be sired.
 To other clients the key presses are not reported.
.PP
 By sire; keys are not grabbed.
 When processes are sired the sire process exits.
 Any key assignment is safe.
 For example, without modifier keys
 by the space bar and by the enter key
 processes can be sired.
 When the xl-sire process does not exist;
 then from the space bar
 and  from the enter key
 expected behavior becomes.
.PP
 If   by xl-grab a key is grabbed
 then by sire that key can be reassigned.
 For example, if by by xl-grab the menu key is grabbed
 then when the menu key is pressed
 xl-sire is launched.
.PP
 By xl-sire an InputOnly window is created.
 xl-sire can be concurrently launched.
 However, if an xl-sire InputOnly window exists
 then the the new xl-sire process exits.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
