.TH XL-SACK 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-sack
.SH NAME
 xl-sack
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-sack was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 As expected root window content is displayed.
 Within the  root window; window interaction is normal and desirable.
 That does not change.
.PP
 Desk and sack similarities follow.
 A container window is created.
 The window is transparent.
 When content no longer exists
 then the process exits.
.PP
 Desk and sack differences follow.
 Sacks are always mapped.
 Sack size is arbitrary.
.PP
 To a sack unlimited windows can be delegated.
 Within a sack to each window
 the same height the same position and the same width is accorded.
 Consequently, within a sack one window only is visible.
 However, the visible window can be easily changed.
.PP
 A sack and an obento are similar.
 By an obento on two or more stacked trays food is provided.
 Unless unstacked then the top tray only is visible.
.PP
 Sacked windows and stacked windows differ.
 When  a sack window moves      then sack content also moves.
 When  a sack window sizes      then sack content also sizes.
 Stacked windows are separately moved.
 Stacked windows are separately sized.
 By the difference between stacked and sacked
 a convenience is provided.
.PP
 If a sack is dumped,
 such as when the sack process is killed,
 then stacked windows becomes.
 For a bit of manual effort
 the stacked windows can be separated.
.PP
 Achieving a less cluttered root window is desirable.
 However, the goal differs.
.PP
 By sacks tabular similar functionality is provided.
 However, actual window decoration and tabs are not implemented.
 If more than 16 windows are sacked
 then for locating a desired window
 an undesirable chore can become.
 However, entirely dissimilar windows can be sacked.
 Therefore, where more than one window is provided to any software;
 tabular like functionality can be accorded.
.PP
 For work station interaction
 if mere tabular web browsing is desired
 then desks and sacks are not useful.
 However, for an administrator or programmer
 which may be concurrently stirring more than one pot
 sacks become useful.
.PP
 On a 1920x1080 display; a 3 by 2 terminal window matrix is possible.
 With smaller font sizes and smaller terminal windows;
 usefulness is mitigated.
 Instead within 3 sacks 3 terminal windows each can be placed.
 And for a web browsing window 1280x1080 pixels remain.
 For 800x600 and for 1024x768 resolution display rendering
 many websites are designed.
 Therefore, a 1280x1080 resolution web browser window should suffices.
.PP
 Please conjecture the aforementioned scenario.
 Yet for the web browser window 1920x1080 is required.
 And an additional display's existence is precluded.
 If on a 1920x1080 display all windows are displayed
 then overlap becomes.
 Overlap is easily managed.
 Overlap is not necessarily undesirable.
 However, to a separate desk if the web browser window is delegated
 then by minimal effort the root window content can be easily cycled.
.PP
 If desks and sacks are not desired
 then use omission is fine.
 If not used then memory is not consumed.
 By the implementation fluff without bloat is demonstrated.
.PP
 For eloquent window arrangement, size, and use
 iconification, system trays, task bars, window decor
 and all that bloat is not required.
 By a transparent user interface;
 less in the face irritation is solicited.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.B man 7 xl-desk
.SH FORKERS
