.TH XL-SACK 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl-sack
.SH NAME
 xl-sack
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl-sack was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 By     a sack  a container window      is provided.
 To     a sack;   unlimited windows can be delegated.
 Within a sack  all  window dimensions     concur.
 When   a sack  is dumped a window   stack becomes.
.SH INTERACTION
 By the pointer primary button press in the sack window and
 by a   key                    press interaction ends.
.PP
 By  the pointer primary button press the following can happen.
 In  any eligible window; the window is adopted.
 In  the root     window; the sack   is dumped.
 In  the sack     window; interaction   ends.
.PP
 By     the pointer button 4, wheel up, press
 the    sack content is forward circulated.
 Except by buttons 1 3 and 4
 the    sack content is reverse circulated.
.PP
 By  the pointer button 3, right button, press
 the currently displayed sack window         is dismembered.
 At  the current pointer position the window is placed.
.PP
 However, if beneath  the    cursor the sack exists
 then across the root window the entire sack content is tiled.
.PP
 For     an existing sack geometry modification
 program xl-mod can be used.
.PP
 Tabular  software is      useful, yet rare.
 Tabular  software also    tends   to  crash.
 By       a sack;  tabular similar functionality becomes.
 However, the      tabs    are not provided.
 If       a sack   process can be  crashed
 then     a window stack           becomes.
.SH PARAMETERS
 By -a or --adopt     a program is executed and  is  annexed.
 By -d or --dump      the sack                   is  dumped.
 By -g or --geometry= from XxY+W+H the geometry  is  set.
 By -i or --interact  sack interaction           is  resumed.
 By -l or --lower     the displayed sack window  is  cycled.
 By -n or --name      the sack name              is  set.
 By -r or --raise     the displayed sack window  is  cycled.
 By -s or --skip      integer number of  windows are ignored.
.PP
 If     the pointer   is   within  a         sack
 then   the name sack name can     be        surmised.
 For    adoption the  sack name    must be   specified.
 For    adoption and  interaction  the  sack geometry is required.
 During sack window creation only; the  sack geometry is set.
.PP
 During adoption a 60 second    deadline      exists.
 If     within     60 seconds a window is not mapped
 then   the           xl-sack   process       exits.
.SH EXAMPLES
 \fBxl-sack -an larry -g 640x325+1280+0 -- xl-term\fR
.PP
 From xl-sack parameters
 to   separate the client program name
 the  double hyphen, --, is required.
.SH BUGS
 Within a sack two windows exist;
 by     wheel up        button  press
 by     wheel down      button  press
 if     the   sack      window  blinks
 yet    the   displayed content does   not  change
 then   two   button    press   events were received.
 The    sack  window    changed twice.
 A      blink became.
.PP
 For    pointer wheel   events
 if     double  clicks  should be       generated
 then   the     pointer device properly functions.
 By     program xl-sack button provided instructions are obeyed.
 Double presses will    not be regarded as single presses.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
