.TH XL 1 2015-08-05 20150805 xl
.SH NAME
 xl
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl was copyrighted.
.SH DESCRIPTION
 By Xlaunch software suite; hot key software is provided.
 By pressing key combos programs are launched.
.PP
 By program xl-start program Xorg can be launched and
 program xl-auto and program xl-grab are launched.
 By program xl-grab one or more key board key combos are grabbed.
 When a grabbed key combo is pressed
 then the program xl-sire is invoked.
.PP
 By the program xl-sire an InputOnly window is created.
 Key combos are read.
 If a matching key combo is received
 then relevant programs are launched.
 Otherwise after 5 seconds;
 xl- prefixed manual pages are displayed.
.PP
 For xl-auto and xl-grab and xl-sire detailed descriptions
 separate manual pages are provided.
.PP
 In the ASCII text file ~/.config/xl or file /etc/xl
 both key combinations and programs are specified.
 By the the command \fBman 5 xl\fR
 both the configuration file format
 and the default configuration is explained.
 Without a configuration file
 Xorg only can be started.
.PP
 To compile the software some header files and libraries are required.
 The following libraries are required: X11; Xext; Xxf86vm; c; pam.
 By program xl-auto  and xl-lock Xext    is required.
 By program xl-lock  only        pam     is required.
 by program xl-gamma only        Xxf86vm is required.
.PP
 By Xlaunch; library files are not installed.
 For program execution
 the X11 Xext Xxf86vm c and pam shared libraries must load.
 As a line within file /etc/ld.so.conf or
 as a colon deliminated directory
 within the environment variable LD_LIBRARY_CACHE
 the library location must be specified.
 If   the file /etc/ld.so.conf is modified
 then the file ldconfig must be run.
 Depending upon the C library implementation
 shared library default directories could exist.
.PP
 If one or more required libraries can not load
 then one or more programs will not execute.
 As described in the above paragraph
 the problem is easily fixed.
 However, by xl2 source code modification
 the problem can not be fixed.
 Required libraries not being found is not a bug.
.PP
 For Xlaunch a modular design was implemented.
 For key combination specification
 a configuration file is used.
 Consequently, almost any behavior
 can be modified or replaced.
 For each xl- prefixed program; a manual page exists.
.PP
 If the environment variable DISPLAY exists and
 if an Xserver process               exists
 then without program xl-start invocation
 the program xl-grab  can   be invoked.
.PP
 As processes most xl- prefixed programs does not persist.
 However for the following programs a process persists:
 xl-desk; xl-focus-explicit; xl-grab; xl-sack.
 When an empty desk becomes the xl-desk process terminates.
 When an empty sack becomes the xl-sack process terminates.
.PP
 Xlaunch is not a window manager.
 A separate  window manager      can be concurrently used.
 A separate  desktop environment can be concurrently used.
 However, neither are required.
 Compatibility is not guaranteed.
.PP
 By   Xlaunch window modification programs are provided.
 If   a window manager is used
 then the window manager provided
 window modification functions should be used.
 Each window manager's method window composition method
 can not be correctly surmised.
 Window manager incompatibility is not a bug.
 By window managers; windows can be unexpectedly reparented.
.PP
 The following window manager fluff is not provided:
 animation; audio; control panel; decoration
 iconification; menus; system tray.
 By window borders by decoration by iconification
 by status tray; desktop space is wasted.
 Xserver and audio entirely differ.
 To conserve memory
 as separate programs fluff can be implemented.
.PP
 System   tray support is not provided.
 However, desk support is     implemented.
 Concurrent unlimited desk are supported.
 To mitigate root window clutter;
 to desks and from desks;
 windows can be moved.
 If desks are not used
 then memory is not consumed.
 While on a desk a window exists;
 limited interaction only is possible.
.PP
 A desk and a sack are similar.
 However, sack size is adjustable.
 Within a sack; all windows sizes concur.
 One window content can be seen.
 By circulation the visible window can be changed.
.PP
 By a sack tabular like interaction is     provided.
 Window decoration                  is not provided.
.PP
 By xl-info; window information     is     displayed.
.PP
 If a window's override redirect flag is set
 then by most xl- prefixed programs
 the window is not ignored.
 Xlaunch is not a window manager.
 Therefore, the override redirect flag is not salient.
.PP
 By the xl-desk program
 the override redirect flagged windows are not annexed.
 For example; by desks typically unmapped windows are created.
 For a desk window decoration is not desired.
 Therefore, for each desk window the override redirect flag is set.
 If a desk window could be annexed by another desk window
 then undesirable behavior would become.
.SH BUGS
 By a minimal code; efficiency simplicity and stability are achieved.
.PP
 By the program xl-focus-explicit
 program firefox's bugs and
 program xine-ui's bugs are circumvented.
 https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=671277
.SH FAQ
 Q: The activation key was pressed.
    The hand cursor became.
    The tab key was pressed.
    The hand cursor remained.
    Why did a terminal emulator not launch?
 A: Before an activation key is pressed; all keys must be released.
 Q: To lower volume, why are many key sequences required?
 A: By depressing shift while the down arrow key is pressed
    then a 10 decibel reduction becomes.
    By depressing shift while the up   arrow key is pressed
    then a 10 decibel increase  becomes.
    If more or less is desired
    then in file ~/.config/xl exact behavior can be specified.
 Q: The grab key sequence was pressed.
    The scan key sequence was pressed.
    The expected process did not become.
 A: Perhaps the required software is not installed?
    By xl-term the program urxvt or the program uxterm can be launched.
    For program gnome-terminal  support is not provided.
    For program konsole         support is not provided.
    For program wtf-console     support is not provided.
    However, by editing xl-term support can be provided.
    The required software is installed;
    by the PATH environment variable
    if the executable file install directory is not specified
    then the program can not be located and can not be launched.
    If ALSA, Advanced Linux Sound Architecture, is not used
    then pulse or some other audio software can be used.
    From /etc/ to ~/.config/ file xl can be copied.
    Then file xl can be modified.
    By everyone, even the Xlaunch software author,
    a customized ~/.config/xl file is used.
    Customization is intended.
 Q: A key combination was pressed.
    The expected outcome did not become.
 A: For a multi key sequence key press sequence is important.
    First, the state key must be pressed and held.
    Some state keys follow: Alt, CapsLock, Ctrl, Shift, meta, Num Lock.
    Then other keys can be pressed:
    Some other keys follow:
    function, letter, number, punctuation, symbol.
    In a key combination multiple state keys can be specified.
    However, one non state key only          can be specified.
    If before the Ctrl key; the C key is pressed
    then a Ctrl C key sequence is not interpreted.
 Q: Pointer gestures are desired.
    A hot pointer program is desired.
 A: While easily implemented, a separate software project is suggested.
    A mozilla firefox sized desktop environment is not desirable.
 Q. By xl-mod rather than the desired window
    the entire desktop moved?
 A. The root window can not be      moved.
    The root window         did not move.
    To simulate a root window
    by the window manager
    a root window sized window was created.
    Then, to that window all other windows were reparented.
    Obscuring the root window is odd behavior.
    With that window manager;
    partial compatibility only is implemented.
    By any process writing to the root window is possible
    therefore as the root window;
    any program, even a web browser, could be implemented.
    Obscuring the root window is not required.
 Q. By xl-mod the root window sized
 A. The root window is not sizable; see the above answer.
.PP
 From reading the FAQ, a fact is illuminated.
 Compared to window manager programs;
 xl2 interaction differs.
 A simple implementation is provided.
.PP
 If window modification; methods differ
 then hot key program invocation probably still works.
.PP
 Among hot key programs; Xlaunch is the least grabby.
 Therefore,  xl-sire is easily thwarted.
 If   the  xl-sire hand cursor      is not seen
 then the  xl-sire InputOnly window is not visible.
 Above the xl-sire InputOnly overlay window
 by the window manager if a window is placed
 then hot key launching will not work.
.SH CONSIDERATION
 By the software author
 a window manager and a desktop environment are not used.
 For the Xlaunch recommended experience;
 bare backing Xorg is recommended.
.PP
 By  Xlaunch menus are not provided.
 The first  time a menu is used; a convenience is provided.
 The second time a menu is used; a hindrance   is provided.
 When choices are known by a menu a slow interface is provided.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
 \fB man 1 xl
  man 5 xl
  man 7 xl
  man 1 xl-auto
  man 1 xl-config
  man 1 xl-corefonts
  man 1 xl-desk
  man 1 xl-destroy
  man 1 xl-download
  man 1 xl-firefox
  man 1 xl-flashplugin
  man 1 xl-focus-explicit
  man 1 xl-gamma
  man 1 xl-geometry
  man 1 xl-google-talkplugin
  man 1 xl-grab
  man 1 xl-lock
  man 1 xl-mod
  man 1 xl-sack
  man 1 xl-sire
  man 1 xl-start
  man 1 xl-term
  man 1 xl-terminate
.SH FORKERS
