.TH XL 5 2015-08-05 20150805 xl
.SH NAME
xl
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl was copyrighted.
.SH CONFIGURATION FILES
 By   file      /etc/xl the default configuration is provided.
 If   file ~/.config/xl exists
 then file ~/.config/xl is used.
 Otherwise file /etc/xl is used.
.SH CONFIGURATION FILE SYNTAX
 By program xl-grab the word "grab" prefixed lines  are parsed.
 The  specified keysym with modifiers only          is grabbed.
 When pressed   the program xl-sire                 is invoked.
.PP
 By program xl-start the program xl-auto            is invoked.
 By program xl-auto  the word "auto" prefixed lines are executed.
.PP
 By program xl-sire an InputOnly window             is created.
 For each key press; the configuration file         is parsed.
 If a modifier and key press combination and
 a word "sire" prefixed line match then the line    is executed.
.PP
 A summary follows.
 By program xl-auto word "auto" lines are unconditionally executed.
 By program xl-sire word "sire" lines are   conditionally executed.
 By program xl-grab word "grab" lines are unconditionally grabbed.
 If an unexpected word begins a line
 then the line is ignored.
.PP
 In file /usr/include/X11/keysymdef.h key names are provided.
 In the configuration file the XK_ prefix must  be omitted.
 For keysym name discovery; program xev         is useful.
.PP
 Following the keysym modifiers can   be optionally listed.
 Typically, between 0 and 2 modifiers are common.
.PP
 For "sire" lines only
 following the modifiers a program name       is required.
 Optionally, program parameters also      can be specified.
 By a key combination, unlimited programs can be invoked.
 However, if sequential execution             is required
 then a script wrapper                    can be specified.
.PP
 For "auto" lines a keysym       and modifiers  are not expected.
 For "grab" lines a program name and parameters are not expected.
.SH DEFAULT CONFIGURATION
.B
 Key                Invoked            Result
 /                  man 1 xl           this manual page        displays
 ?                  man 1 xl           this manual page        displays
 `                  uxterm -rv         a terminal emulator       starts
 ~                  uxterm -rv         a terminal emulator       starts
       Tab          uxterm -rv         a terminal emulator       starts
 Shift Tab          uxterm -rv         a terminal emulator       starts
 PrtScr             gqview             image       files        display
 Home               firefox            web         browser       starts
 up   arrow         amixer             master      volume     increases
 down arrow         amixer             master      volume     decreases
 Scroll Lock        xl-gamma           display     gamma      configure
 key pad 8          xbacklight         display     back light increases
 key pad 2          xbacklight         display     back light decreases
 Print              gimp               graphic     editor        starts
 Insert             xine               multimedia  player          runs
 c                  xl-config          ~/.config/xl                edit
 d                  xl-download        firefox and plugins install menu
 o                  xl-mod             window override flag     toggled
       space bar    xl-mod             window modify mode       becomes
 Shift space bar    xl-geometry        next mapped window   is modified
 Alt   space bar    xl-geometry        next mapped window   is   placed
         Enter      xl-mod             window size           progresses
 key pad Enter      xl-sack            window sack mode         becomes
 End                xl-destroy         window  is closed  or  destroyed
 Pause              xl-destroy         window     client     terminates
 Escape             xl-terminate       X server              terminates
 Page Up            xl-mod             window               is   raised
 Page Down          xl-mod             window               is  lowered
 key pad add        xl-tray-sub        into tray the window is    moved
 key pad sub        xl-tray-add        from tray a   window is    moved
 key pad PgUp       xl-sack            sack displayed window     cycles
 key pad PgDn       xl-sack            sack displayed window     cycles
 Delete             xl-lock                           the screen blanks
 key pad End        xl-lock                           the screen  locks
       1            xl-work            1080p work station software runs
 Shift 1            xl-geometry        to 1920x1080+0+0  window  is set
 Shift 2            xl-geometry        to 1024x768+1920+0 window is set
       F1 F2 F3 F4  xl-desk            to desk in pointer window  moves
 Shift F1 F2 F3 F4  xl-desk            desk, root window content  shift
 Ctrl  F1 F2 F3 F4  xl-desk            to    root window; desk  empties
 Alt   F1 F2 F3 F4  xl-desk            from desk to root; windows  move
.SH KEYSYM KEY NAMES
 For some keys an unexpected Keysym name exists.
 For an unshifted tilde the  Keysym name grave is used.
 For Page Up            the  Keysym name Prior is used.
 For Page Down          the  Keysym name Next  is used.
.SH MODIFIER KEY NAMES
 0x01	ShiftMask
 0x02	LockMask
 0x04	ControlMask
 0x08	Mod1Mask
 0x10	Mod2Mask
 0x20	Mod3Mask
 0x40	Mod4Mask
 0x80	Mod5Mask
.PP
 When the Alt  key is pressed Mod1Mask becomes.
 When the meta key is pressed Mod4Mask becomes.
 When the num lock LED is lit Mod2Mask becomes.
 When the cap lock LED is lit LockMask becomes.
.PP
 And rather than a modifier
 by the Scroll Lock key
 the Scroll_Lock keysym is generated.
.PP
 In the above table; for reference only
 the modifier key values are provided.
 In the configuration file
 the modifier key names  only are     specified.
 Modifier     key values      are not specified.
.SH TERMINAL EMULATION PROGRAM LAUNCH
 By the grave key, by the tab key, and by the shifted tab key
 a terminal emulation program can be launched.
 However a difference exist.
 By the grave key a terminal emulation program is launched.
 By the widow manager or by the program
 the window placement and size is set.
 By tab at the pointer position
 the terminal emulation window is placed.
 By shifted tab at the pointer position
 the terminal emulation window is placed and
 xl-mod is launched.
 By xl-mod around the root window
 the terminal emulation window can be shifted.
 Before windows can be mapped on the root window
 by the window manager
 if a window is reparented
 then by xl-geometry the window can not be placed.
 If so then tab and shift tab should not be used
 while grave can be used.
.SH AT MAP WINDOW MODIFCATION
 Within the root window during window map
 by program xl-geometry windows         can be discovered and modified.
 By launching through xl-geometry eloquence is achieved.
 However, the exit code                     is sacrificed.
 Therefore, by shift space xl-geometry  can be invoked.
 Within a 60 second duration if a window    is mapped
 then on the window xl-mod                  is invoked.
 Before xl-geometry listens if the window   is mapped
 then  the window                  will not be discovered.
 Until a window is discovered xl-geometry does not exit.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 In the separate xl.7 manual page the software license is provided.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.SH FORKERS
