.TH XL 7 2015-08-05 20150805 xl
.SH NAME
xl
.SH COPYRIGHT
 By Kyle Sallee in 2015 xl was copyrighted.
.SH AUTHOR
 Kyle Sallee
.SH LICENSE
 The Liberty License
.PP
 Cost   is the compliance required:
 for legal attainment     of goods;
 for legal attainment     of services.
 Free   is the antithesis of cost.
 Free   is without cost.
.PP
 Liberty is the ability to do as one desires.
 Freedom of speech   is the   ability
 to express opinions without  censorship.
.PP
 By   a     "freedom of speech" license
 code and   documentation modification liberty,
 with some  exclusions,   is mandatory.
.PP
 By    a free license;
 without cost acquisition liberty is mandatory.
.PP
 By   The Liberty License
 both the freedom of   speech and
 without  cost    acquisition are mandatory.
.PP
 To  the first  and original author only
 license change liberty   is granted.
 By  the first  and original author only
 a   different  license  can be     applied.
 In  a license  change event the    change is retroactive.
.PP
 A   compatible license does not exist.
 A   different  license can  not be concurrently applied.
 By  another    license;
 the Liberty    License provisions  and exclusions
 can not be     superseded.
.PP
 The following liberties are not granted:
 copyright     statement alteration;
 copyright     statement deletion;
 cost          attachment.
.PP
 The      following  is prohibited:
 barter;  sale;
 bundling with for cost items;
 bundling with for cost services.
.PP
 Prohibited    cost         attachment   examples follow.
 On    the     following    hosting  is  prohibited:
 on a  fee                  required for acquisition;
 on an email   registration required for acquisition;
 on a  cookie  acceptance   required for acquisition;
 on a  captcha resolution   required for acquisition;
 on a  delay                required for acquisition.
.PP
 Fee,  personal     information,  tracking information,
 human interaction, and annoyance are cost
 and   are          prohibited.
.PP
 On    media  such as CD, fixed disk, SSD, etc...
 where barter or purchase is required for acquisition;
 hosting  is  prohibited.
.PP
 Declaring a media cost only exists is justifiable.
 Yet,        media cost attachment  is prohibited.
 Declaring a shipping and handling cost only exists is justifiable.
 Yet,      a shipping and handling cost attachment  is prohibited.
.PP
 To attach cost by bundling with a for cost good    is prohibited.
 To attach cost by bundling with a for cost service is prohibited.
 Cost attachment liberty is denied!
.PP
 Free means free.
 Sold software is not free.
 "Buy one get one free,"  is  a cost attachment gimmick.
 Cost attachment gimmicks are prohibited!
 Common cost attachment gimicks follow:
 donations   accepted;
 hat, tee shirt, java mugs,  etc... bundled sale.
 By   explicit   or implicit compensation desire or expectation
 cost is attached.
.PP
 On  the following hosting  is           allowed:
 Where   on a      compact  disk    in a magazine    jacket,
 without purchase, to all   persons the  acquisition is granted;
 by    a server    where    anonymous    download    is allowed.
.PP
 For derivative    artwork
 a   separate      and      distinct  name  is  required.
 Appended or prepended      bytes     does  not suffice.
 Among       precursor and  derivative names
 potential   ambiguity must not exist.
.PP
 Examples    follow.
 For a       progenitor  name      gtk  is used.
 For a       progeny     name      gtk+ is used.
 To  an      uninformed  person    the  names can be confused.
 Therefore   to mitigate ambiguity the  progeny name must differ.
.PP
 For a       progenitor  name      gtk  is used.
 For a       progeny     name      htk  is used.
 For an      uninformed  person;   ambiguity should not become.
 The         progeny     name      suffices.
.PP
 For         software artwork derivatives;
 with    the original project
 while   as  few   as eight   shared   adjacent bytes remain
 the     license  can not  be abandoned.
 Towards the byte similarity  count;
 third   party    library     function invocations, and
 third   party    library     variable declaration  do not count.
.PP
 If   the  license   conditions  are not met
 then all  liberties are denied.
.PP
 By Kyle Sallee "The Liberty License" was authored.
 In 2016 by Kyle Sallee "The Liberty License" is copyrighted.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B man 1 xl
.B http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html
